# alumni_tracking_system
This portal provides various features where alumni can register and update their details with verification mechanism.Interactive communication is made possible using Email and chatbots where the alumni can chat and also have efficient communication for effective alumni details searching based on different criteria like college, year of study and department. We have created an exclusive forum for interaction with alumni to alumni and alumni to present students (to post job openings/internships).We have also enabled provision for college co-ordinator to share pre & post events details. In this portal you can view the list of members in various departments. The event page contains the list of upcoming events which  will be conducted in college during a particular date, time, venue and its corresponding poster attached with it. The alumni can register his academic details such as name, college name, department and year of study and his personal details such as address, mobile number and e-mail id, password with certain constrains, award, hobbies and date of birth, marital status and higher qualification along with his profession. The above registration is valid only if verified by the admin.The alumni can update his details once his registration is valid.If the registration is accepted by the admin he can login using his email id and password in the login page.Once the alumni has logged in he can establish his chats with his groups. This is made possible using chatbot application. The admin can login into the portal with his email and password and search the alumni by college name, year of study and department.

Live Demo:
http://projectsit2020.000webhostapp.com/Kongu/

http://hypertexttechies2020.000webhostapp.com/Kongu_Alumni/
